Added pose estimation live demo (#253)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/402-pose-estimation-webcam/README.md

# Pose estimation demo

![pose estimation](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4547501/134550328-a5c99d22-ae60-4281-8120-a8f06a17b96a.png)

> Pose estimation allows to determine a 2D position and orientation of each person in an image/video. There are body skeletons consisting of 18 predefined keypoints (joints) and 19 connections between them (limbs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pose estimation predicts the 2D position and orientation of each person in an image or video. Skeletons consisting of 18 predefined keypoints (joints) and 19 connections between them (limbs) are visualized as an overlay on the images or video.
```

## Notebook Contents

> This notebook demonstrates pose estimation with the [Open Pose model](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/intel/human-pose-estimation-0001) in OpenVINO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This notebook demonstrates human pose estimation with OpenVINO using the OpenPose [human-pose-estimation-0001](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo/tree/master/models/intel/human-pose-estimation-0001) model from Open Model Zoo.
```
